# Mod: HFramework

Rewrites the game H-Scenes/system into a pluggable framework. This allows modders to interact with the H-System and expand it much easily.

It does nothing by itself (and has huge chances of breaking new game versions), but it is used by other mods that interact with the game Sex system.

> [!WARNING]
> When using the replacement mode (default), new scenes added to the game by the devs won't work until this mod is updated.

By default, it will replace the developer shipped H-Scenes with similar ones that are coded in the mod.
You can configure whether you want it to replace the original scenes or not, but most mods will need you to replace it.
You can change that on `BepInEx/config/HFramework.json`

HExtensions, Gallery and other plugins made by other devs makes extensive use of it.

## Requirements

1. Yotan Mod Core must be installed.

## Installation

1. Download the latest version from [Releases](https://github.com/yotan-dev/mad-island-mods/releases)
2. Move the ZIP file to your BepInEx plugins folder (`right click the game on Steam > Manage > Browser local files`, then go to `BepInEx/plugins`)
3. Extract the ZIP file there (use "Extract here" option)
4. Start the game once so config files are generated by it.
5. Close the game


## For mod developers

- [Documentation](https://github.com/yotan-dev/mad-island-mods/blob/main/HFramework/README.md)
- [docs site (API)](https://yotan-dev.github.io/mad-island-mods/)
- See HExtensions and Gallery plugins for examples
